chore: update link to changelog on release branch (#762)
renovatebot/github-action: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> The changelog is only available on the `release` branch.
> Please read [the `CHANGELOG.md` on the `release` branch](https://github.com/renovatebot/github-action/blob/release/CHANGELOG.md).

Author: ```suggestion
You can find the changelogs on the [GitHub Releases page for `renovatebot/github-action`](https://github.com/renovatebot/github-action/releases/).
```
